
We appreciated the reviewer's helpful comments, particularly the concern about
ionospheric scintillation resolving to antenna gains.  We interpreted this
concern as primarily applicable to direction-dependent calibration, which is
used during the removal of bright point sources (primarily Cyg A and Cas A). The
relevant length scales in the ionosphere are the diffractive scale (essentially
the length over which the ionosphere imparts a 1 radian phase difference) and
the Fresnel scale. In the usual case where the diffractive scale is much larger
than the Fresnel scale, you can see phase and amplitude scintillation, but these
effects can be absorbed into direction-dependent complex gains. However, when
the diffractive scale is less than the Fresnel scale, you can see a point source
break apart into multiple images. This cannot be entirely absorbed into
direction-dependent complex gains, but the error you make during source removal
leads to residual artifacts in the vicinity of the source. We added additional
text to Section 3.5.1 that addresses this possibility.

The second-to-last paragraph in Section 2.1 explains why we restricted ourselves
to single channel imaging (reproduced below):

    If each element of the matrix is stored as a 64-bit complex floating point
    number, a single block is 500 MB for the case of single-channel imaging with
    the OVRO-LWA, which a modern computer can easily store and manipulate in
    memory.  However, with additional bandwidth these blocks quickly become
    unwieldy; thus as a first pass, the analysis in this paper is restricted to
    single-channel imaging.

However, additional text and explicit runtimes have been added to clarify how
additional bandwidth impacts the amount of processing time necessary to generate
the maps presented in this work.

Changes to the text are highlighted with red font and boldface. These changes
are listed below.


List of changes
===============

1. The "Owens Valley Radio Observatory Long Wavelength Array" (OVRO-LWA) was
incorrectly referred to as the "Owens Valley Long Wavelength Array". This has
been corrected throughout the article.

2. A URL pointing to where the final sky maps can be downloaded from LAMBDA has
been added
(https://lambda.gsfc.nasa.gov/product/foreground/fg_ovrolwa_radio_maps_info.cfm).

3. In Section 1, the brightness temperature of the galactic synchrotron emission
was updated to reference a more recent measurement.

3. In Section 2.1, additional text clarifies the use of multiple "N"s and gives
some explicit examples typical runtime for each step of the analysis. There is
also an additional sentence mentioning that for a block diagonal matrices, all
of the blocks can be manipulated independently.

4. In Section 3.5.1 we added additional text discussing the impact of the
ionosphere in the strong scattering regime (summarized above).

5. In Section 4, the text incorrectly mentioned estimating the variance with a
jackknife estimator.  We are actually estimating the standard error, and the
standard error is reported in Table 1.

6. The original text described a ~45 arcmin rotation that was apparent in
comparisons with the LWA1 Low Frequency Sky Survey. We have discovered and
corrected the origin of that rotation, and Section 4.1.1 has been updated
accordingly. Figure 13 has also been updated to provide comparisons with the
corrected LWA1 maps.

